chore: December Quiet Month Blog Post (#109)
electron/electronjs.org-new: blog/dec-quiet-month-21.md

---
title: A Quiet Place (Dec'21)

> date: 2021-09-27T00:00:00.000Z

Reviewer: TODO: edit for when this is scheduled for release?

authors:
  name: groundwater
  url: 'https://github.com/groundwater'
  image_url: 'https://github.com/groundwater.png?size=96'
slug: a-quiet-place-21
---

> ElectronJS will pause for the month of December 2021, but will return to full speed in January 2022.

Reviewer: We typically use `Electron` (no `js` suffix) in official communications, I think.

---
title: A Quiet Place (Dec'21)
date: 2021-09-27T00:00:00.000Z
authors:
  name: groundwater
  url: 'https://github.com/groundwater'
  image_url: 'https://github.com/groundwater.png?size=96'
slug: a-quiet-place-21
---

> Electron will pause for the month of December 2021, but will return to full speed in January 2022.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Electron project will pause for the month of December 2021, then return to full speed in January 2022.
```

Minor change in tone

<div style={{width:"100%",height:"0",paddingBottom:"42%",position:"relative"}}>
  <iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/4QEGwDMDbOYC2G7m9p" width="100%" height="100%" style={{position:"absolute"}} frameBorder="0" className="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
<p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/shh-john-krasinski-a-quiet-place-4QEGwDMDbOYC2G7m9p">via GIPHY</a></p>

---

## What will be the same in December

> 1. Zero-day and other major security-related releases will be published as necessary. Security incidents should report via [SECURITY.md](https://github.com/electron/electron/tree/master/SECURITY.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Zero-day and other major security-related releases will be published as necessary. Security incidents should be reported via [SECURITY.md](https://github.com/electron/electron/tree/master/SECURITY.md).
```

1. [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) reports and moderation will continue.

## What will be different in December

1. No new Beta or Stable releases in December. No Nightly releases for the last two weeks of December.
1. With few exceptions, no pull request reviews or merges.
1. No issue tracker updates on any repositories.
1. No Discord debugging help from maintainers.
1. No social media content updates.

## Why is this happening?

In short, while maintainers are happy and engaged with the project, _THE WORLD IS TIRED_. 
December is a quiet month for most companies, so we want to give our maintainers a chance to recharge. We encourage other projects to consider similar measures.

## Should I be worried about the future of Electron?

No. We are able to take this step because the project is in good shape.

> Everyone is looking forward to 2022, and we expect good things to come!

Reviewer 2: This is a very nice way to close the post
